                      Asset Tag Tool Release Notes
                  Copyright (c) 2004 Intel Corporation
                          All Rights Reserved
                            May 21, 2004

The Asset Tag Tool provides the ability to read and display the FRU 
fields Asset Tag, Service Tag, and PPID. It also provides the capability 
to update the Asset Tag field. This tool is executed from a command 
prompt in the EFI Shell environment.


RELEASE NOTES FOR ASSET TAG TOOL VERSION 1.0 BUILD 6

A. CHANGES SINCE PREVIOUS VERSION

   1. Streamlined system FRU read and write operations. The utility now
      reads and updates only Product and Common header FRU areas. 

B. DEPENDENCIES 

   1. Requires the system FRU to be set up with the Goblin FRU configuration.
   1. Executes under the EFI Shell Ver 0.99 or greater.
   2. A system reset is required after updating the FRU fields.

C. SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

   1. Dell PowerEdge 7250

D. HOW TO USE THIS UTILITY

   1. Boot to the EFI shell.
   2. Copy the following files to HD or removable media:

      a. asset.efi
      b. ipmi.efi
      c. frudata.efi
      d. frudata.str


   3. Command line Interface

        Usage: asset [-h] [-i] [-f] [-d] [-a <value>]

        Command line switches defined below:

        -h : (or -?) Displays the command line help.
        -i : Displays the asset tag, service tag, and PPID FRU fields
             of the system.
        -a : Sets the asset tag to the specified value.
        -d : Used in conjunction with -a to delete the asset tag.
        -f : Disables prompting the user for confirmation during an
             operation.

        Usage Examples:

        asset -a NEW_ASSET      : Set asset tag
        asset -a NEW_ASSET -f   : Set asset tag with no prompting
        asset -a -d             : Delete the asset tag
        asset -a -d -f          : Delete the asset tag with no prompting


      3.1 Full description of command line switches

      If this tool is executed without any command line options, this 
      tool displays the FRU field information from the system, similar 
      to the -i option described below.

          a. -i
          
             This option displays the following information read from 
             the system:

             Asset Tag
             Service Tag
             PPID

          b. -a <value>

             This option is used to set the Asset Tag and it must be 
             followed by the asset tag value.  The <value> parameter 
             is an ASCII value up to 10 characters long. If less than 
             10 characters are entered, this tool pads the FRU field 
             with trailing spaces (0x20).  If more than 10 characters 
             are entered, this tool displays an error message and exits 
             with an exit error code.

             Before setting this value, this tool prompts the user 
             whether or not to continue with the operation, unless the
             -f option is used.

             Examples:

             1. Set asset tag to "NEW_ASSET"

                asset -a NEW_ASSET

             2. Set asset tag to "NEW_ASSET" with no prompting.

                asset -a NEW_ASSET -f

          c. -d

             This option is used in conjunction with -a option to delete 
             the asset tag by filling out the field with spaces (0x20).

             Before deleting the field, this tool prompts the user whether 
             or not to continue with the operation, unless the -f option 
             is used.

             Examples:

             1. Delete the asset tag.

                asset -a -d

             2. Delete the asset tag with no prompting.

                asset -a -d -f

          d. -f

             This option is used in conjunction with -a and -d to disable 
             prompting the user whether or not to continue with the operation.


E. LIST OF FILES REQUIRED TO RUN THIS TOOL

   1. asset.efi
   2. frudata.efi
   3. frudata.str
   4. ipmi.efi


F. KNOWN ISSUES

   None

*  Third-party brands and names are the property of their respective owners. 

(end)